Martin Price: I should have given the virtual clinic more time it's it's just they have to go to these individual breakout sessions. Now,
Martin Price: It doesn't work as smoothly as it used to. Sorry.
Dominique Pozo: That's okay. So just for so I know if I can tell other patients, how long did you give yourself and how long do you think would be best to give yourself.
Martin Price: Gosh, I only gave myself about five minutes and I probably I should have just done it earlier in the day or at quarter tell
Dominique Pozo: Okay, well, I usually don't give the number till probably like 20 minutes before the session.
Dominique Pozo: So it wouldn't be there.
Dominique Pozo: Earlier in the day. Yeah.
Martin Price: Okay, um, they said that you can do it any time but for four hours before the meeting that maybe that's for
Dominique Pozo: Well, you know, maybe you can you can check in and do everything and then they'll call you back. Once I give you, once I give them the number. So, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Actually, if you want to do it early in their data. I bet that's fine. I just, they won't give you the number until about 20 minutes 1520 minutes before the session.
Martin Price: Okay, well I'm here.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. How's it going,
Martin Price: I'm better. I just
Martin Price: I don't know, I just kind of gave up on trying to ratchet down so quickly, because it was, you know, it was actually just getting like bouts of depression and everything so
Martin Price: You know, I'm just going to go slower.
Dominique Pozo: I think that's really great Martin. I mean,
Dominique Pozo: Aside from your own judgments around what you're doing, which are valid and I want to honor them. I just, aside from that, I don't see a rush. You know, it's like
Dominique Pozo: We can keep working through those judgments and see if you know maybe you'll have
Dominique Pozo: You'll be able to find more space, a piece around at all.
Martin Price: Yeah, right now I'm just
Martin Price: I don't have a choice. I like I can't just take
Martin Price: A couple months off and, like, go to a treatment center and and then just expect like I've been through this before you know it takes a while to get your motivation back and
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: Really where I am, is I just have to deal with it as best I can and take advantage of this job and this contract rate and everything and just do the best I can.
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like you're coming to some acceptance around
Martin Price: Yeah, and I'm, you know, feeling a lot better when I actually when I took the regular dose. It was like, I feel fine, you know,
Martin Price: I'm not like
Martin Price: On the verge of crying.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh, uh huh.
Martin Price: profound effect on me.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm. Sounds like it sounds like it's really kind of rattling and
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So regulating although and I'm kind of interested in the tears, what, when, when you feel like crying. Is there something really attached to it or is it just you can feel that there's an imbalance in the chemistry.
Martin Price: It's both. And what happens is I get really depressed and then I start attacking myself, you know,
Martin Price: All the stupid things are done in the last two or three years and
Martin Price: It just gets really grim, you know, and I know it's you know
Martin Price: It's like a temporary thing but
Martin Price: You know, I'm tired. I guess I get tired of being miserable. So
Dominique Pozo: What
Dominique Pozo: When the tears come. What is that about because I think you know whether you're tapering or not, it's worth looking at that, you know, those emotions that are strong enough to elicit tears. What, what is the wrapped up in that
Martin Price: Well, I mean, I do think it's triggered by like withdrawal or whatever my
Dominique Pozo: Brain
Wanting more
Martin Price: But it's just
Martin Price: You know it's me like judging myself for being 60 years old and
Martin Price: Having to start all over again financially and everything.
Martin Price: And I
Martin Price: Good Michelle like girlfriend. I used to be with. I finally hooked up with a lawyer, and you know kind of sent a letter and said, hey, we had a financial agreement, you know, and what's the deal so
Martin Price: It looks like she did buy this business like God, she bought and so
Martin Price: Maybe something good will come out of it. I don't know. It's
Martin Price: pretty crappy that she doesn't feel like she should have to pay it back.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, definitely. I'm glad you got a lawyer for that.
Martin Price: You know, because I get so mixed up with spirituality to it's like
Martin Price: Know there's a section in the Bible culpa.
Martin Price: Songs and
Martin Price: You know, it's, it's all about if you forgive someone else that their debt, and you know, God will forgive you and
Martin Price: I don't know where you draw the line. You know, it's like
Dominique Pozo: I'm going to invite you to just check in with your, your gut, like what what you know is right. Regardless, I think those are nice concepts they could be true yet with Michelle. It's this is a particular situation with a particular history.
So, I mean,
Martin Price: He's literally just being irresponsible. Once you know saying, I don't have to pay this and
Martin Price: So I think of the lawyer was the right way.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: I do too. Yeah.
Martin Price: Um,
Martin Price: And then I don't, I don't know, today I just got
Martin Price: Kind of challenged with
Martin Price: Doing a specification at work that I kind of just don't know anything about, you know, and I don't even know where to start and
Martin Price: So I got really rattled you know
Martin Price: I don't like working alone at home. I like
Martin Price: I would go be asking people, you know, in the office. You know, like, how would you approach this. Do you have any ideas on this.
Martin Price: It's just different when you have to call them or email them, you know, and
Martin Price: Then it's kind of like, well, they're busy, you know, and I don't know, I just think personal interaction is the best
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so, so kind of you're struggling with not having that support around you and
Dominique Pozo: Me forces of people
Martin Price: Right, yeah.
Martin Price: The guy. I think I told you I what happened was there fire protection engineering cancer and
Martin Price: I was able to spend a couple months with them, trying to figure out the plan. He'd put together and all of his assumptions and the way he was going to go forward and then he just laughed, you know,
Martin Price: So I'm just stuck with a lot of like documents that were done during his reign, you know, and
Martin Price: I don't quite know like
Martin Price: Where he got his information and it's, it's just, you know, not a fire protection in here.
Martin Price: So I don't get
Martin Price: It down deep and find someplace to start and then hopefully it'll start flowing, you know,
Martin Price: You stifling a yawn.
Dominique Pozo: No.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that's
Dominique Pozo: That perspective I've been up
Dominique Pozo: To 30 I couldn't sleep. I, I had a strong dream and I have been
Dominique Pozo: Over. Oh my gosh, it's to its to 20 here. I've been up for about 12 hours. So you're not boring me. I've just been up for a long time.
Martin Price: Is it a scary dream or something.
Dominique Pozo: Oh no, is a very powerful gene. Yeah.
It's very powerful.
Dominique Pozo: Speaking of dreams do you are you having dreams. I'm just thinking
Dominique Pozo: Of everything that's up in your psyche. What, are there any that you're willing to share with me because I think sometimes it's helpful to listen to and and look at the dreams.
Martin Price: One of them before we're kind of
Martin Price: About my ex wife like
Martin Price: You know, she would be with like another she'd be married him is with another guy or or she just like
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: I would talk to her on the phone and you know she just had her own life. And she was all you know i just like
Martin Price: I know there's like still a lot of
Martin Price: I guess remorse on my part, or whatever, you know,
Martin Price: And I don't know.
Martin Price: You know, I've talked about it a lot with the counselor and stuff like that and like what happened. And whose fault it was and all that kind of thing. And
Martin Price: It was. Yeah, just some really difficult circumstances, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: And so lately. So that was those dreams were happening but
Yeah.
Martin Price: I'm trying to think of some of the ones I've had lately. This
Martin Price: Like weird skiing dreams and
Martin Price: Dreams that like I'm still addicted to drugs and, you know,
Martin Price: You know, trying to find a way to cover up my usage or something like that, you know, stuff that like we've been talking about the guilt that I have
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: I just, I had an idea about 10 minutes ago, and I just came back into my mind. So I'm wondering if it would be helpful for you to make a time
Dominique Pozo: And what because one thing I'm hearing as I have been hearing is this desire to be like
Dominique Pozo: Off the Suboxone and just be done yet, you're in the process right now. So rather than the destination then host is very cliche, but it's, there's some truth to it. I'm curious about, you know, the journey to get there.
Dominique Pozo: And so I'm wondering where it would be helpful to start a timeline. Definitely. Michelle, I don't know, maybe your ex wife.
Dominique Pozo: And somehow just illustrate like okay these are major
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I know who Jessica is she's trying to get into the room like a letter and
Dominique Pozo: These are major events you know your your previous wife. And what happened with Wiley and how that ended.
Dominique Pozo: And then, Michelle. I don't know if there's anyone in between that, but then Michelle's another significant one and then I would say from
Dominique Pozo: Miss the ending with Michelle. And then if you can for see into the future being off of Suboxone
Dominique Pozo: I'm curious for you to fill in the process of these major events and then really imagine into what could this process look like, what would you know from the ending with Michelle on to you being off of the Suboxone. What are the gifts that could potentially and maybe are right now happening.
Dominique Pozo: As you're in this process, because it seems like it's not going to happen quickly. You're kind of accepting that
Dominique Pozo: You're not going to go to treatment program at this time. So here you are, you're here.
Martin Price: Yeah, I just can't financially do that.
Dominique Pozo: So let's focus on this. This process that you're in, because this is all you got, you know,
Dominique Pozo: So maybe paint a picture for me of some some major gifts that have come of all of this, some lessons, some opportunities gifts and then we imagine into what could be possible in this recovery process.
Martin Price: Just got like significant a dancer. That seems I broke up with Michelle.
Dominique Pozo: No, no. What I'm, what I'm inviting you to do is to think of from that time and then look ahead until
Dominique Pozo: When you imagine just put in any any date year that feels realistic to around being off the Suboxone and then imagine. Imagine what this process could be the most fruitful process of recovery. What would that look like
Dominique Pozo: Does that make sense.
Dominique Pozo: I'm not asking you to relay what has happened. I'm asking you to imagine what could happen in this process, it's setting some intentions.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, what what happened.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, yeah.
Martin Price: Little bit.
Martin Price: Of history in
Martin Price: And it's just like a bunch of milestones on a timeline.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And which one stand out for you.
Dominique Pozo: Or what do you want to tell me about. Tell me about something.
Martin Price: Just kind of like my dream or my hope about
Martin Price: The future.
Martin Price: We things return out
Martin Price: Okay, of course, they tell you never make a plan, you know, but
Dominique Pozo: Well, it's nice to have an intention and then see how things unfold. It's
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Martin Price: That's probably nothing helpful.
Dominique Pozo: Oh no, that helps that helps. I can see it. So, okay, let's see black black Michelle block Michelle.
Martin Price: Yeoh. That's basically when it broke up with her.
Dominique Pozo: Back to Wisconsin meet April place to stay. So that ok so now this is what you're envisioning
Dominique Pozo: Immediate from place to say sailing kayak padam 40 Lake Michigan settlement with Michelle great skiing in Southwest with April nice off Suboxone okay
Dominique Pozo: Other than the
Dominique Pozo: What is the relationship financial stability happy relationship. Beautiful. Take a moment, Martin and let that in let in what you've what you've, you know, envisioned for yourself. And just what does that feel like to
Dominique Pozo: Give yourself that permission to dream of what you want and really imagine that it's possible.
Martin Price: It's like I just feel like I've had
Martin Price: Kind of a run of bad luck, you know, and I and then
Martin Price: You know my counselor spiritual guy is always just
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: Don't have unrealistic expectations and just accept what God gives you and be grateful and that
Dominique Pozo: I don't want to say he's wrong. I just wanted to say what I hear with that is it's staying really small and here so you can be so big. Why not, you know, why not be the big
Dominique Pozo: One. Yeah, please give it a go. I want to really encourage you to not stay small and just let yourself dream everything you wanted
Martin Price: That would be
Martin Price: You know, wonderful.
Dominique Pozo: Don't do this is kind of a silly question, but wouldn't you like a wonderful a
Martin Price: Yeah.
Martin Price: No, I know like
Martin Price: I keep telling myself God's will for me is to make myself happy or to be happy. He wants me to be happy.
Martin Price: God wants me to be happy and
Martin Price: But then I'm just so down on myself for being on the buprenorphine that
Martin Price: It's like, I can't let myself be happy, you know,
Martin Price: Be happy.
Dominique Pozo: How does this. How does this phrase sound to you.
Dominique Pozo: For now, you are on the buprenorphine to get you to the place you want to be. And it's supporting that it's supporting you in your journey to get to where you want to be.
Martin Price: Definitely
Martin Price: You know, off of pain pills and
Martin Price: I feel like I have some stability.
Martin Price: I just like
Martin Price: Have the whole na programs so ingrained in my head. I was in it for a long time, you know, and just the whole idea of
Martin Price: You know, being on whatever if it was methadone or medical marijuana or whatever, you know, is just this
Martin Price: You know, a total non starter in that program and
Martin Price: So I'm just in a really like right now and I feel really good. I feel really balanced.
Martin Price: You know, I feel like I'm usage and everything, and that the dose. I'm taking ism.
Martin Price: With the word be
Martin Price: Giving me bad judgment or like I'm not making bad judgments at work or something like that. And I would think after nine months, they would have said something if they thought that I wasn't capable
Dominique Pozo: Definitely. I think that's a good gauge to recognize that. Okay, you're on the Suboxone and your work is reflecting back to you that you're doing good. You're doing well. They still want you. It's not
Martin Price: It's not the type of place where you get a lot of compliments engineers, just don't know.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: No, my boss is trying, but he's just very
Martin Price: They're very much. Show me type people, you know,
Martin Price: Um, but yeah, I mean, this is kind of an interesting exercise because it's things that I've been thinking about that. I'm sort of working towards and
Martin Price: But it's like I can't allow myself to
Martin Price: Like I can work towards him. I just can't like have unrealistic expectations.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I mean, I, I'm just gonna ask you very honestly dude does any of that seem unrealistic to you what you've written
Martin Price: No, I mean, I told April and like trying to taper off this pain medicine and I'm pretty open about it.
Martin Price: I think the only thing she doesn't know for sure is that I smoke but her son smoke. So that was, that was good to hear.
Martin Price: Em.
Martin Price: You know, I can't like
Martin Price: Equate my happiness to being
Martin Price: You know, in a relationship with her someone else you know i know i gotta learn to love myself and be happy with myself, but
Dominique Pozo: Oh, go ahead. Go ahead.
Martin Price: Well, I think it's also an unrealistic expectation to expect me to like
Martin Price: Learn to love myself in
Martin Price: Each 60
Martin Price: I mean, I
Martin Price: Like it would be a big transformation for me to be like, Okay, I'm just gonna, I'm just in it for me and
Martin Price: I'm gonna, like, go have a meal alone at a fancy restaurant and enjoy it, you know, and it's just me. You know, it's just not me.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm going to validate that Martin. I mean, one thing that I've heard since we started
Dominique Pozo: Working together is how much you value companionship and there's nothing, there's nothing wrong with that. I think
Dominique Pozo: The thing that I just want to keep checking in around is, you know, are you overriding your own needs. Are you overriding your, your truth or your values, just to be in relationships so
Dominique Pozo: I think that's the thing that we can keep checking off. But, I mean, it's such a
Dominique Pozo: Human thing. We're here to
Dominique Pozo: Relate where we are, you know, interdependent species we need each other so
Dominique Pozo: I don't want to encourage you to just go be alone that self love. No, it's okay if you choose to want to be in partnership
Dominique Pozo: How can you love yourself through that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Martin Price: It's been
Martin Price: I've definitely been working on like
Martin Price: You know, just taking care of myself and sort of keeping my world, small and
Martin Price: You know, it just, I feel like I'm in a lot of fear.
Martin Price: And guilt, you know,
Dominique Pozo: What
Dominique Pozo: Let's see, we have plenty of time. Will you make a list of the fear and the guilt what's underneath those two headings.
Martin Price: Like I need the buprenorphine to stay motivated and
Martin Price: Survive at work.
Martin Price: Another fear is like rejection by April.
Martin Price: And like a third one is a general bands and I can't get another one because I'm on the beep an orphan.
Martin Price: couldn't pass a drug test.
Dominique Pozo: Can you read the first one again.
Martin Price: I need the buprenorphine to stay stay motivated and survive at work.
Martin Price: Right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so there's a. Okay, so just to distill it. I hear a fear of dependency a fear of rejection. And then what was the third one again.
Martin Price: I'm like the current job I man ends and I can't get a new one.
Martin Price: Because of drug testing.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Dominique Pozo: I mean,
Dominique Pozo: I think, I think the the main, the one that's sticking out. Well, which one sticks out for you. What's one that we can focus on moving forward to begin with.
Martin Price: The first one
Dominique Pozo: The first one
Martin Price: Is where you know I get depending on it and it. I feel like it does help me.
Martin Price: Complete like monotonous tasks.
And
Martin Price: You yet. I know.
Martin Price: I have like this creativity in me. Anyway, I mean,
Martin Price: I've
Martin Price: And went for like 16 years like clean and sober and did really well.
Martin Price: It's funny. It's kind of a long story because
Martin Price: What happened to me was like in graduate school.
Martin Price: I started taking it was like a mild opiate. It was called modal. It's like an anti diarrheal
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: It's like all the sudden I could focus and I was motivated. I started getting A's and
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: I had this strong
Martin Price: I don't know what the word is I just felt like it really helped me, you know, like say Adderall might help someone else.
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: So for about 10 years I was on that medication and
Martin Price: It was really a prolific period in my life, you know, I got a master's degree got hired at Los Alamos, you know, build a house raise two kids. I mean, it was like everything went really well.
Martin Price: Until the end, you know, when I got
Martin Price: Tolerant, you know, and I had to keep taking more and more, and it just stopped working.
Martin Price: But it. So that's kind of stuck in my head. And then there was a 16 year period where I was clean and sober and got married and
Martin Price: Made a ton of money and did really well in my career. So it's like
Dominique Pozo: You don't need you don't need the substance to do well, it's what I'm hearing that you really
Martin Price: Like the motivation is in me.
Martin Price: Yeah, um,
Martin Price: So that's like something I just wrestle with, you know, yeah, I know the motivation is in me to do it, but it
Martin Price: After you stop taking the opiates. It just takes a while for it to come back or to get into that rhythm where you're just doing things without even thinking about it.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think it's so great that you've had an experience of both so that you have like
Dominique Pozo: You've got perspective. You know what happened when he started taking the lemme drove
Martin Price: The moto
moto
Dominique Pozo: moto. So there's that. And I can imagine if you had stayed on you know taking something this whole time that there would be a real question like, can I do this without it but
Dominique Pozo: That's not the case. I hear that you had a 16 year window of, you know, generating that motivation yourself. So it's there. And I think focusing on that is going to really
Dominique Pozo: Help as as you keep moving forward through the fear of getting off Suboxone
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know what it is the
Martin Price: Opiates to me. Want me to motivate me and they make me like
Martin Price: You know, let's do a team appointment later, you know,
Martin Price: Let's do a schedule or let you know things that
Martin Price: Normally, you know, you just wouldn't be that into, you know,
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: There's a lot of that you know with this job right now just things that aren't really all that gratifying and also things that I don't know anything about and I have to be really creative and
Martin Price: I don't know. I don't know what to say. It's just
Martin Price: I never
Dominique Pozo: You've never like
Martin Price: I never let go of that idea that
Martin Price: In some respect. They helped me to a certain extent.
Martin Price: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Well, how, how do you feel after you go skiing or do any sort of physical activity.
Martin Price: Really good. I mean it's it's a real sense of calm and my anxiety is
Martin Price: It really helps with my anxiety. That's
Martin Price: That's kind of why I exercise so hard is because
Martin Price: It's just a really good way for me to deal with my anxiety.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think it would be a good experiment to just witness yourself in the next month, let's say, to start with a month.
Dominique Pozo: Of doing regular exercise and getting regular time for yourself in the natural world and start maybe start replacing that start replacing with Suboxone with those
Dominique Pozo: Experiences and I think because we need some you got to replace it with something that feels good, you know, or there's just going to be this empty hole.
Martin Price: Right and
Martin Price: Running is like my favorite
And
Martin Price: I just can't.
Martin Price: It was just getting to the point where I had to run six miles to actually, you know, have that runners higher or whatever but
Martin Price: I've started running a lot less lately, like a mile or a mile and a half. Just, just to get out of the house and go do something and it actually is pretty nice to
Hmm.
Martin Price: And riding my bike and
Martin Price: Yeah, I really like to ski and play tennis and stuff like that.
Dominique Pozo: I mean there's you've got a huge selection of things to occupy your time with. And now that the weather's better. I think as to see how much the supports your, your recovery and your tapering process actually
Martin Price: Yeah, I am.
Martin Price: I'm kind of looking forward to going back to Wisconsin.
Martin Price: Because it's a new group of eight people and I don't feel like
Martin Price: They seem to be more open and accepting about the whole medically assisted treatment thing.
Martin Price: Not all of them, but you know my sponsor doesn't have a problem with it. He just says, just keep trying to taper and do it slow and do the best you can, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I heard the main obstacle to overcome really
Dominique Pozo: You know, judging yourself telling yourself it's wrong and bad because I think once you really come to that place of peace and owning it. It doesn't matter what anyone else says, and if
Dominique Pozo: They don't accept
Dominique Pozo: If they don't accept it, that's their problem. You know what works for you, right.
Martin Price: So far, I mean I yeah
Martin Price: I just kind of try and look at every day is a little financial victory, you know, the
Martin Price: When you're a contractor they pay you a quite a bit more because you don't have any benefits or anything like that. So that's helping me recover from Michelle.
Martin Price: Oh, good. It wasn't
Martin Price: Just, it wasn't just her right I just
Martin Price: I don't know, I just like really lost my
Martin Price: Sense of budget and everything and
Martin Price: And then once it got down to a certain point, I was like, well, what difference does it make, you know,
Martin Price: So,
Martin Price: But it's, you know, it's hard to make and now I'm realizing that
Martin Price: So anyway, it's all a big lesson.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, well, I
Dominique Pozo: I just want to reflect. I think you're doing great. And you're showing up regularly and you know you're being self reflective and recognizing the ways that you get in your way and being willing to look at that is huge.
Martin Price: Right, well I'll keep trying.
Martin Price: It is, you know, I kind of just don't know what to do. So I think I just kind of have to like
Martin Price: Try this path. It's in front of me, you know, and that timeline is basically was a way to put on paper, what
Martin Price: You know, the way I hope things turn out.
Dominique Pozo: Keep looking at it, Martin I invite you to put it in a refrigerator, put it wherever you are going to see it regularly to remind you, because these things are powerful.
Dominique Pozo: I heard recently that our input becomes our output. So whatever we choose to fill our mind with and you know our psyche with that becomes eventually what we put out into the world. So if you're
Dominique Pozo: You're allowing these dreams to be your input. I have a strong sense you're going to make it happen.
Martin Price: Yeah, you know, the I turned do repetitive prayer to and it just
Martin Price: I don't know. It just doesn't really seem to be working for me. I mean it.
Martin Price: I think having like tangible goals and stuff like that is pretty important to humans. You know, I've taken on this spiritual counselor, guys.
Martin Price: You know advice and it's like
Martin Price: It works for him.
Martin Price: But you know he's like 74 or something and he just like spend the whole day counseling and he's
Martin Price: Not trying to go like
Martin Price: Sure to recover from a midlife or late life crisis, I guess you'd say,
Martin Price: Or get
Dominique Pozo: Frustrated, I'm gonna keep encouraging you to listen to what is right for you and keep identifying that let's let's make that I think that could be a good goal to keep identifying what feels right for you.
Martin Price: All right, I mean,
Martin Price: I'm really torn about the drugs, but everything else. You know, I feel like I'm doing as best I can, you know,
Martin Price: I'm really trying to make an effort to
Martin Price: Kind of be real and genuine with
Martin Price: April and do the best I can, at this job and
Martin Price: You know, keep the house up on this. And I think the hardest thing for me is working alone all day. I just
Martin Price: Don't like
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I really am. I think it's coming to an end sooner than later. And this is going to
Martin Price: Power opens next two or three
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think so.
Martin Price: Hey,
Dominique Pozo: I need to get to my next session.
Martin Price: I just
Dominique Pozo: Um, do you want to look at the calendar really quick. Would you like to do next week. This time, or do you want to meet again this week. What we'll
Martin Price: Do that.
Dominique Pozo: Next week, the time
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Okay. I put you in the calendar.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: I don't mean to cut you off. I just, I need to get ready for the next one.
Martin Price: That's okay. I'll see you tomorrow night.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Martin Price: Sounds great have
Dominique Pozo: A great evening and be gentle with yourself.
Martin Price: Okay.
Okay, bye.